Add boutique exercises (#1089)
exercism/ruby: exercises/concept/boutique-inventory/.docs/introduction.md

Enumeration is the act of stepping through a collection (`Array`, `Hash`, etc) and performing some action on each object.

Enumeration is a key concept in Ruby and is used for sorting (`sort_by`), grouping (`group_by`), mapping (`map`), reducing (`reduce`), and much more. 

> You'll most frequently see enumeration as the idiomatic way iterating through collections rather than using loops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will most frequently see enumeration as the idiomatic way iterating through collections rather than using loops.
```

Avoiding contractions, due to international/multilingual audience.

A simple enumeration to print each word in an array would look like this:

```ruby
words = %w[the cat sat on the mat]
words.each do |word| 

>   print word 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  puts word 
```

This will change will cause the output indicated below.
